Voice Interaction | OMate User Manual
OMate
User Manual
OMate.net
Download App
Contact Us
Powered by
OMate.net
Download App
Contact Us
Powered by
#
Voice Interaction
OMate supports voice output functionality and voice chat, making AI character responses more lively and natural.
Video tutorial
#
Voice Playback
When ① voice model is configured ② and voice parameters are configured in the character settings, a voice icon will appear in the chat interface. Click on it to play the voice.
Tip
If voice parameters are not set in the character settings, the voice icon will not appear in the chat interface
#
Voice Settings
Configure voice parameters in the settings page:
Select a voice model
Set voice parameters: please configure according to the voice model&#x27;s documentation
Go to the character list, find the character card that needs voice settings, swipe left to edit
Enter the relevant parameters in the voice parameters field on the edit page, save
Enter the character conversation interface, click the voice icon in the top left of the text to play the voice
The specific parameters depend on the
service provider&#x27;s text-to-speech documentation
. Taking Silicon Flow as an example:
Enter
FunAudioLLM/CosyVoice2-0.5B
in the voice model field in the API settings
Enter
voice=FunAudioLLM/CosyVoice2-0.5B:alex
in the voice parameters field of the character card, where alex is a preset voice. You can refer to the documentation to adjust:
#
Voice Call
Once you have configured voice playback, if you also configure the speech recognition model, you will be able to use the voice call feature.
You can use the speech recognition model from the same service provider as your chat model, just enter the name directly. For example:
Silicon Flow:
iic/SenseVoiceSmall
OpenAI:
whisper-1
You can also specify a separate service provider for speech recognition by clicking the
&#x2795;
in the settings item, where you can separately fill in the api address, key, and parameters.
Previous
Memory Management
Next
Custom Prompts
© Copyright 2025. All rights reserved.
