API Settings | OMate User Manual
OMate
User Manual
OMate.net
Download App
Contact Us
Powered by
OMate.net
Download App
Contact Us
Powered by
#
API Settings
OMate supports connecting to AI service providers. By configuring API settings, you can use your own API key to access these services.
Note
In theory, APIs that support the OpenAI specification should work, but due to varying levels of API support from different service providers, OMate may not function properly with some service providers&#x27; APIs.
#
API Configuration List
The API configuration list page displays all the API connections you have configured. Each API configuration card contains the following information:
API name
API specification (currently fixed as OpenAI specification)
API key (partially hidden)
#
Adding a New API Configuration
To add a new API configuration:
Navigate to the "Settings" page
In the "API Settings" section, click the "+" button
Fill out the following information in the popup dialog:
#
Required Information
Name
: Name this API configuration
API Specification
: Currently only supports OpenAI interface specification
API Key
: Enter your API key
Tip
You can click the floating button in the bottom right corner to quickly fill in configurations
Tip
You can obtain an API key from the service provider&#x27;s official website. If the provider has an application link, the system will provide a quick access button in the form.
Please keep your API key secure and do not share it with others. OMate only stores your API key locally and will not upload it to any server.
#
Editing API Configuration
You can edit any API configuration you&#x27;ve created at any time:
In the API configuration list, swipe left on the API card
The system will automatically enter edit mode
Modify the information that needs to be updated
Click the "Save" button to apply the changes
#
Deleting API Configuration
If you no longer need an API configuration, you can delete it:
In the API configuration list, swipe right on the API card
The system will prompt for confirmation of deletion
Enter as prompted and click the confirm button to complete the deletion
Note
The system requires at least one API configuration to be retained. If only one API configuration is left, you will not be able to delete it.
#
Active API Configuration
The system will automatically set newly added API configurations as active:
When you add a new API configuration, the system will set it as active
The active API configuration will be used for all functions that require an API
In chat settings, you can select different API configurations for specific conversations
#
Discovery Page API Settings
In addition to the main API settings, OMate also provides discovery page API settings:
Navigate to the "Settings" page
Click "Discovery Page Settings"
In the API address settings, you can:
Add new API addresses
Edit existing API addresses
Adjust the priority order of API addresses
Tip
Discovery page API addresses are used to obtain content from remote servers, such as character cards. The system will attempt to connect to API addresses in the order set and merge the data obtained.
Previous
Quick Start
Next
Character Management
© Copyright 2025. All rights reserved.
